That is Roscoe. Here is the news read by
Sergei Horny. Thanks for the headline. In
Geneva, the Italian delegate has supported
the Soviet proposal on the Laos question.
In Van Zandt, Laos, the population held an
anti-American demonstration. Once again
racial outbursts are about to flare up in
Montgomery, Alabama. Cuba will strive to
win back Guantanamo Bay peacefully. April
Castro. Nikita Khrushchev met Prime
Minister Ali Sadmak of Somalia in Moscow
today. The Somali leader has come to the
USSR on an official spokesperson. Those
are the headlines. They're now part of the
session. At the international conference
for a Laotian settlement, the Chinese
foreign minister Chen Yin announced the
Laotian people's striving for independence
and insanity proclaimed by the
representatives of the royal government
and the Patek Laos. The Chinese minister
also upheld the Soviet proposal. At the
same time, he turned down the American
proposals as being incompatible with the
Canadian of 1954, and favor T.D.A. as
placing Laos under an international
condominium. Chen Xi emphasized that in no
case could interference in Laos' domestic
affairs be tolerated. The Chinese foreign
minister also affirmed the international
organs proposed by the Americans to
control the foreign aid received by Laos
as being incompatible with Laos'
sovereignty. You are bound to say that
peace and security could not be ensured in
Asia until the United States stopped its
policy of interference and aggression
against the countries of Asia. The threat
to the peace and security in Southeast
Asia, including Laos, stems from the
policy of aggression and interference
pursued by the United States and the CETA
war bloc. Cheney expressed the point that
peace and security in Southeast Asia could
only be guaranteed when the United States
stops its aggression and its efforts, and
when a peace area is formed in Southeast
Asia in place of the CTO military bloc.
The Chinese delegate further pointed out
that the two proposals put forward by the
Soviet Union for a Laotian settlement stem
from principles as we've expressed for
years as independence and sovereignty, and
dovetail with the Geneva agreements of
1954. The Chinese delegation believes that
the Soviet report should serve as a basis
for discussion with the government and as
a basis for agreement. Chen added that
other delegations had also made proposals
for a Lao-Chi settlement. We are prepared,
he said, in the course of discussion and
consultations, to thoroughly study and
consider all that is constructed in these
proposals. The next to speak was the
Foreign Minister of Thailand, Thanat
Ketne. In violation of the agreement
reached on who is to represent laws at the
conference, he proposed that
representatives of all Russian political
parties be included in the number of
negotiators. The chairman, Georgi Pushkin,
of the USSR, explained the situation to
the Thailand representative. The former
Thailand foreign minister had been linked
to the opening of the conference and was
unaware that these points had been cleared
up prior to the opening of the talks.
Georgi Puskin further announced that at
the request of a number of delegations,
the conference would adjourn for two to
three days to enable the delegates to
examine the proposals and perhaps prepare
their own. The next meeting will be called
no later than on Monday, he said. In Vang
Vieng, Laos, meanwhile, the population
held a meeting and demonstration in
protest against American imperialism by
the Samarnakheti, who are trying to
torpedo the conference in Geneva and the
park in Namon. The head of the royal
government's delegation at the Namon Park
described a policy of genuine peace and
neutrality to the end of the political
program of the oil government. The head of
the Pataslao delegation at the talk urged
all Laotians to rally around the
legitimate government headed by Prince
Sivanapuma, who to support his political
program had to work energetically for a
generally peaceful and neutral world. The
Democratic Republic of Vietnam is being
swept by a wave of protest demonstrations
against the aggressor actions of the
United States and South Vietnam. Dozens of
petitions from public organizations and
political parties demanding a stop to
American aggressive action on behalf of
Vietnam have been sent to the co-chairs of
the Geneva Conference and to the
International Inspection and Control
Commission in Vietnam. American factors,
members of the Lincoln-Rockwell Nazi
Organization, have arrived in Montgomery,
Alabama to help the local Ku Klux Klan
members. The Brown Theater's Sponsor
Command Enforcement has declared that they
will wipe out the participants of the
Freedom Line. Judging from all this, blood
will be spilled in Montgomery once again.
Martin Sleety King, leader of the Fox
News, a community progress of the colored
people, told a press conference in
Montgomery West today that the opponents
of racial discrimination were before to
continue the Freedom Riders. The New Gray
leaders said that despite all the racial
lawlessness, threats, and brute force
confronting the Freedom Riders, they would
not stop what they had spoken. Mr. King
said that another eight racial segregation
opponents had arrived in Montgomery from
Nashville, Tennessee, to join the Freedom
Riders. The American press, as well as the
world, said, has been extensively
commenting the racial outbursts in
Alabama. For example, the Washington Post
and Times-Herald wrote that there was not
a shadow of a doubt that the cruelty and
beatings in Alabama were getting headline
stories in many world papers. The
Washington paper wrote that there was no
way of estimating the damage done to
America's prestige by the racial riots.
The British Yorkshire Post spitefully
commented that the racial slurs in America
would hardly help the American president
to convince the media media and
underdeveloped countries that the United
States was carrying a torch showing them
the way to freedom and democracy. Cotão
Osocava, a radio personal commentator,
characteristically remarked that the New
Hope question was a dirty spot in the
history of the United States. Speaking at
a meeting in Santiago, Cuba, Defense
Minister Raul Castro declared that the
American naval base of Guantanamo was a
constant hotbed of provocation against
Cuba. American planes, says Al Costo, have
recently violated Cuban airspace 259
times. They made provocative flights over
Cuban territory and photographed it. In
conclusion, the Cuban minister said that
the Republic of Cuba would spare no effort
to liquidating that American base in Cuba
through peaceful raids. In New York, our
Radio Moscow correspondent sent us the
following dispatch. The failure of the
Cuban invasion has intensified the clash
between individual groups of the Cuban
counter-revolutionaries in the United
States. For example, the Emanuela Reyes
group asked for it from the so-called
Revolutionary Council Uniting Reactionary
Emigrants. A person of that group said
that with a blessing from the Central
Intelligence Agency, the Revolutionary
Council so called, was enlisting
supporters of ex-dictator Batista for a
new mercenary army without supporting the
rare group. The New York Times reports
that the rare group had received
information from its agents in Cuba that
underground activity there was almost
impossible since there was not a single
house
The Afro-Asian delegation at the United
Nations has come to the conclusion that
the situation in Portuguese Angola could
be discussed by the Security Council. The
French news agency says that they may call
for a meeting of the Security Council in
the near future. The Prime Minister of
Somalia, Abdirahid Ali Canemar, has
arrived in Moscow on an official visit. He
was led to the airfield by members of the
civil service headed by the chairman of
the council of ministries Nikita
Khrushchev and other officials. The
diplomatic corps were also at the
airfield. A big crowd thwarted the
statement made by the two prime ministers.
Nikita Khrushchev said that the civil
service people follow in great sympathy
the efforts made by the Somali and other
peoples of Africa who have rid themselves
of the fetters of of colonialism and who
are now trying to liquidate the burdensome
heritage of the past and to further
strengthen their national independence. We
wish them all success in this, added
Nikita Pujan. He also noted the
satisfaction of wonderful views of the
Somali and Soviet governments on a number
of major international issues that came to
light during the recent negotiations and
from the exchanges of opinions between the
Soviet goodwill missions and the Somali
government. We are satisfied, he went on,
that friendly relations have been
established and are successfully
developing between the Soviet Union and
the Somali Republic, relations founded on
principles of mutual respect and non
-interference in the best of the terms.
Nikita Khrushchev stressed the point that
there are broad possibilities for a
further spiritual development of serious
Somali relations. For successful economic
cooperation between the two countries and
a putting of a critical and mutual
benefit. Speaking in reply, Abdi Dacid Ali
Shatambar expressed gratitude for the
cause of the revolution. The powerful
arrival of a goodwill mission from Somali
is an important stage in the Republic's
historical development. It not only shows
the independence of our country, he added,
but the independence of its policy. We
hope that relations and cooperation will
continue to develop in the future, said
Somali Prime Minister El-Bassar. And
that's the end of the news broadcast to
you from Radio Moscow.
Our commentary is now over. Here is what
he writes. American newspapers have long
been discussing the question of a meeting
between President Kennedy and Premier
Fouchal. All the while, the reaction has
been favorable to the news that a meeting
will take place. But some influential
circles in America, circles that think in
terms of a Cold War, have strong
dissatisfaction. At first, Wolfpacker
urged the President to highlight the idea
altogether. together. Conquered by Kelly
and Senator Kate Hart were two of the men
who had gestured most previously. Then,
after the announcement that the President
and Mr. Khrushchev would be meeting in
Vienna early in June, these circles began
offering Mr. Kennedy advice on how to
conduct himself. The history journals for
one enjoined him to warn Premier
Khrushchev not to negotiate the point.
America, according to the Marchants of Big
Business, should show the private union
that it was strong and firm. Good advice
is certainly surprising, to say the least.
These councillors as much as urged
President Kennedy to try to dictate to the
private union some positions of strength,
even their HEPA policy has been completely
discredited itself, especially over the
years of an Eisenhower-Dulles
administration. More than once, this
polity has brought the world to the brink
of war. Remember the provocations against
Syria, Iraq and troops landings in
Lebanon, which were postponed by the
Republic of Iraq, the gangster Utah flight
deep into Soviet airspace, and the
invasion of Cuba. In that one case, did
the United States achieve its purpose by
force? But the policies did cause it a lot
of unpleasantness. The steam and oil
cities set a new low. Last year, during
the election campaign, leaders of the
Democratic Party slayed the Republican
administration for this policy. There was
good cause for their criticism, and the
attempts made since then to follow in the
footsteps of the Eisenhower government in
respect to China. And that, for example,
has made it more than clear that any
continuation of such a policy has an
irreparable damage to America's proposed
earnest positions in other countries.
Neither has a situation the Trump policy
benefited the United States, especially in
its relations with the Soviet Union.
The Soviet Union has always said that a
position to change policy toward a
socialist country is sure to fail. It
always has and always will. The only
realistic policy is peace of coexistence,
a broad point of the dispute between the
Soviet the Syrian early United States on a
basis of equality and mutual respect. The
late Franklin Bernhardt said, maintain,
that good relations with the Soviet Union
are the foundation on which more peaceful
peace could be strengthened. Referring to
the cooperation of the two countries
during World War II, Mr. Roosevelt
declared there would be no table peace
unless these relations were preserved and
built up in peace time. The arbitrary
purpose that had united the two nations
and the constitution of the war, he said,
should be pre-transformed into close and
lasting cooperation along with other like
-minded countries in gaining a fair and
lasting peace. If the spirit of Franklin
Delano of policy is present at the Vienna
meeting. We may expect some progress. We
may expect a vindication of people's hope.
That personal contact between a head of
state of the world's two mightiest powers
will improve historic American relations
and better the international situation as
a whole. You've been listening to a
commentary by Leonid Vavilov. It came to
you from the studios
The various nationalities inhabiting the
Soviet Union are described in the talk you
hear now. There are more than 200,000,000
,000 people living in the USSR. As for the
Chinese People's Republic and immigrants,
it has the 4 largest population in the
world. The Soviet Union. As soon as the
Constitutional Republic comprises the
Soviet Union. Of the country's total
population, Russians account for a little
more than 114 million persons. Armenia 102
million, about 40 million are Ukrainians,
some 8 million are Belarusians, and 6
million are U.S.A. Here we will have to
start for a complaint matter. The
difficulties of the years are which are
the most important. take too much time.
There are more than 100 different
nationalities and peoples in our country.
They are all different, both as to the way
the people look and the native customs.
Some of these peoples live in the foreign
world. Others have never been found.
I love you.
Pfe при
Né
Devenir
to have exhausted, to have exhausted.
More, more.
Well, gentlemen, that's all for today.